themes insane calm can you handle us
this morning and that's where we find
Anna tadlock at eastdale mall good
morning Anna good morning well Anna
people already behind you there it's a
shopping frenzy there is that what you
expected when you open the door is this
morning yes it is we had quite a few
shoppers out here to here today all
right and it hasn't been a steady flow
people still coming in or did you have
that one big rush and now it's kind of
slow down it's been a steady flow okay
so how many people do you expect to come
through the doors today I mean how much
bigger a shopping day hasn't been in the
past and other regular days this is
definitely the highest track of all you
okay a bigger volume of people coming
out today what are some of the
incentives that they're getting to come
out so early all the day after
Thanksgiving there's all kind of
incident if door Busters and things to
one some till 11 so it's great for
shoppers to come out here and take
advantage of everything okay well thanks
a lot Anna of so many people behind you
back there big Russian will be checking
back in with you in just a bit and I
tadlock joining us live live live live
live there's all kind of incident it's
urgent okay
welcome back welcome back we are joining
a house joining on the phone natural
Orlando he is the chief of staff of the
turnpike authority but more importantly
he's disposed person is going to bring
us up to date on what's happening on the
roads chin Good Morning Joe good morning
it's pat speed my first mortgage com
Thank You partner I think he's going
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah all right
obviously Jill Orlando that was not we
are going to go back to our own coverage
and it hopefully a big you later you'll
Joe Oh Erica all right well moving on
you're watching rtv6 Indianapolis now
the morning news
good morning everyone I'm grey Strahan
alive look downtown and you can see a
few clouds out there we've also had a
few problems on the roads this morning
let's get the latest on traffic right
now from that froze Homburg no
interstate trouble right now to speak of
but on the west side there is a crash at
rockville road near high school road to
watch for some delays on the city's west
side we have got some problems on the
city's west side for you where reporter
Ron Allen in Washington reports on the
former president's health
carriage quitter why is this man looking
at an empty pit in his room
you